hello everyone and welcome to today's
sore Bond design discussion
um once again we're here and we're
talking about sorobon and uh sort of the
key design decisions that we need in
order to that we need to make in order
to sort of get it across the Finish Line
um for those of you who are just joining
us
um today we will be talking I'm just
going to grab a link
as soon as I can find it if you look at
the event invite you will see that there
is a link to a document called sorobon
auth Next and I am also just going to
paste it right now in the live chat so
today we're going to be talking about
this proposal which I'm posting in the
live chat right now oh Tom already did
it so um
this is a
proposal for a new sorobon auth approach
that provides protocol level support for
the account abstraction and an
authorized subcontract calls
um and again there's a link to the
design decision document
um that is uh that I posted that Tomer
posted in the live chat and so what
we're going to do today is talk through
this question
um sort of talk through the document and
the proposal that it makes and see where
the discussion leads us the goal of
these discussions is definitely to make
substantive have substantive
um back and forth to actually ask and
answer important questions and to start
to move forward with design decisions
and we do it here so that you can ask
questions either on the live chat if we
have a chance we may also be bringing uh
people who raise their hand onto the
stage but to begin with we will talk
through the actual design doc we'll talk
about the decision that we're trying to
make and we will talk about the uh
um sort of like the the background the
problems that we're facing the
requirements and a suggestion for a high
level design
um
and so now that it's a little bit after
the official start time I think we can
go ahead and start
um and I believe that today the
discussion this doc was created by Dima
and so I'm going to demon to start
walking us through it
yeah uh hi everyone uh so
uh but maybe I'll start with a little
bit of background motivation this so
described in the dog but how quickly uh
go through those so just to remind like
the current state of office in Sargon is
that we basically have to kind of
officially supported ways right uh to do
us in the contracts
um the first one being the invoker which
basically just gives you a handle of the
classic store account who involves the
transaction and that's pretty limited
it's like basically
quite extra account can authorize only a
top level contract invocation and only
it
and there is something more generic
which is implemented in turban OS SDK
and this is basically uh authentication
and SDK that supports a couple type of
signatures which are classic store
accounts Ed 25519
and invoker as well to make things a
little bit more generic and recently we
ended up in this somewhat weird state of
to approaches that the initial
philosophy was that we want things to be
like
um
basically implemented uh as much as
possible on the contract side and
the environment doesn't make pretty much
any assumptions about the toes but then
um we kind of figured out that these
things are not quite straightforward
especially if you want to do something
simple which is why this working concept
I've been talking about has been brought
up so
and of course there is always synthesis
smart contracts there is always a way to
build uh whatever you want
um so what are the problems uh with the
state here now
um the invoker while being a convenient
to use it's very limited as I've
mentioned it's like very narrow uh only
operation can have only a single invoker
right and it's also shell
um in a sense that only a single
contract call may be authorized and it's
also restricted to basically classic
accounts of course it also works with
the contract navigations but
um because they got today's discussion
I'd say
um nothing would change much for the
Contracting workers so basically if
contract wants to outrage some synonyms
at the help of contract uh itself like
no additional signatures are needed so
um it is kind of not uh in the scope of
the discussion at all so we are talking
about only uh humans or wallets uh
calling into a servant here right
um so for soroban us uh well as we
mentioned it's a pretty complicated
because the contract needs to manage
nonsense it needs to go into
authentication methods provides the
right arguments those upload correctly
um
while being pretty complex it's still
limiting flexibility because we support
only a few kind of Cherry Picked
signature schemes right
um and if you start doing things with
Advanced for Banos like forwarding the
signatures for subcontract holes Things
become pretty tricky in terms of like
actually signing the payloads that need
to be signed because you need several
signatures and they need to have some
very particular arguments and I I
believe I have seen some examples in
servanton that or dealing with that but
I I feel like still like this hasn't
been expert to mentioned probably
because it's pretty tricky to do and uh
yeah I also don't think we have great
science support anyway as of now so it's
something you will be working on
separately
and of course if you are doing something
completely custom the risky risk running
into it's a compatibility like
um some contracts use one authentication
or authorization methods Azure
contractors something else they uh like
not being profitable or the sdks need to
account for multiple different Azure
sdks they need to interoperate with so
basically Things become pretty uh
complex if you want to kind of benefit
from something else existing on the
network
um so yeah this is basically a review of
the current approach problems and uh
I've been thinking like if it can come
up with uh something better uh in
multiple ways and this phase are
described in the doc too and uh if you
really want to try for is uh the
approach should be a general rights that
uh most or all contracts should be able
to use their spring work and basically
interoperate is a chatter without much
friction
um but on the other hand it should be
extensible so that we are not limited to
a few for example signature schemes or a
few wallets and whatnot so there
shouldn't be a way to
extend uh the system outside of the
protocol right
um it should also provide support for
various use cases including the complex
use cases but at the same time it should
be a straightforward as straightforward
to use as possible given the complexity
of the contract
and from the lowest endpoint it should
be usable too because as I mentioned
like currently uh coming up with
signatures for more complex contract
invocations it's uh pretty tricky so
um what would kind of should be able to
uh write the signing code to basically
sign the payloads without much
prediction as well and something that
hasn't even been discussed before but
it's something uh pretty interesting
that
um there like we want to provide the
both controls and so outside and yeah
this kind of already goes into account
abstraction topic but basically the idea
is that if you stop for a moment and
think about uh Us in general like in
erc20 world for example right you have
this for example token contract so
liquidity pool contract that does
something to the funds but it holds also
does some other things that I could
verifies signatures and the signatures
use very specific algorithms and you
start thinking about it it kind of
doesn't make too much sense right your
liquidity pool function is about
exchanging to tokens for example a token
function is to keep balances uh right
and uh
doesn't necessarily like come natural
that
they should handle the business logic of
authenticating users at all visuals
versus account abstraction that comes
from and it really opens up a lot of
various interesting use cases and
basically enables
the whole type of the contracts the
smartphone contracts that can do really
interesting things like uh providing
arbitrarily complex multi signatures
schemes or align users to control Hauser
plans are spent
based on who signs the transactions or
given temporary permissions to some
contracts and the possibilities are
basically endless
[Music]
um
so yeah this was it on the requirements
topic and this kind of uh only started
to come into the actual proposal and
basically on the hair level it consists
just of the two parts uh one part I've
already started talking about it's
account abstraction so instead of
um letting every user contract to care
about how they authenticate their
signatures or how they manage nonsense
and so on
um instead you would every contract
would use something abstracted away just
some generic account that knows and so
on how to authenticate actions on its
behalf and uh
this addresses the triology and
extensibility requirements as well as
forward usability and control
and the second part is basically
standardized invocation authorization
that would allow to sign things that are
on one hand more complex than just going
into a single contract but on the other
hand
it will be structured enough so that the
bullets
I don't need to do anything too special
but like like the uh non-smartboard just
regular walls uh we'll be able to do
uh the signatures relatively easily
okay uh and
let's go in turn
a little bit more details on both
approaches and um I'll probably stop
serve for some maybe questions and
discussion on the general approach so
um core current abstraction what's
important to understand from the
contractors standpoint is that
um instead of like
passing signatures into a medical
calling into this and invoker we do now
which is like an educator in a cage
um
all the contract interfaces would
operate on two types one Echo account
and that's very cool address so the
relationship is that every account has
an address address is something that you
can key your data by so you can key your
balance by the address or you can make a
payment to an address and whatnot so
that's basically the unified address for
any sort of operations that are
beneficial to the address right and the
account itself is the owner of the
address and
it it is the entities that can authorize
basically spending on behalf of this
address right so account needs to sign
its operations and
actions that require like some mutations
to the uh address that are not positive
for example making a payment right need
to be authorized by the account so
this is basically what the contracts
would do this
and accounts may be implemented uh both
uh in a built-in fashion for example
classic store accounts would get an
automatic implementation of this account
contract so from the classic
server constant Point uh nothing will
change significantly and the invoker
would still be there for the sake of
optimization right so if you have a
simple contract you you can forward the
classic transaction
um Source account uh to be uh the signer
of this uh Contracting location to and
again this is completely transparent
from the contraction point and like it
is now where you explicitly need to
refer to to the invoker
um but also the part I've been talking
about before the account can also be
implemented by uh Mark contract custom
Smart contract and uh here like things
like uh new signature schemes like any
cryptographic methods uh and basically
anything can come
um so
it's the responsibility of the account
to authenticate and authorize
um the Contracting locations that's the
key part about it
and on the second part
um for standardizing the invocation
authorization so instead of like uh
having some signature payloads that are
not necessarily standardized we would
have a structured signature payload that
contains one or multiple Contracting
vacations
and the casing here is that this payload
needs to be assigned just once and it
would contain all the
contract calls the user wants to outrage
so for example the frequent use case
when you know you need to transfer some
funds to the contract address and then
contract does something good for you
right for example create a claimable
balance for like just draw some amount
from me and put it on contract balance
to the Future withdrawal or swap some
token with liquidity for basically it's
like huge category of use cases for this
exact same pattern right and
when in ERC 20 world like some things
like approval permit would need to
happen with this approach it is possible
for the user to send a payload that says
hey call into function for example Swap
and then allow the function swap to this
draw this amount of token from my
account and since things are structured
it's possible for example for the user
board program to say Hey you are about
to sign something that will withdraw
this and that token in this in that
amount so basically
it is set things to the structure it is
kind of both transparent to the user and
it is possible for the host to actually
verify that the user is only calling
into methods that have been explicitly
signed date and I'll try it
um and yeah important note that came up
during this document review is that uh
the signature pillow doesn't like have
to contain all the contract calls and it
doesn't even need to be like
um covers and full passing the code
three of the contract it's just uh part
of the parts that has to be authorized
on behalf of the user so for example the
slope example if the user swaps some
token with the contract
um this contract may be a code as a part
of arbitrary as a contract for example
you know you are signing that you want
just to swap some amount of token uh for
some amount of other token and then this
can be invoked for example as a part of
some more complex text construct and the
laser doesn't even need to know about
this contract so what was the
authorizing is a that something has to
be solved and then
um some Upstream systems can decide how
exactly this happens
um so I think this is pretty much it on
the high level
um
before we go to the details I'd like to
stop here and uh
ask if there are any questions or maybe
some things need to be clarified
yeah
uh this is awesome thank you Dima I'm
just uh for everyone who
um who joined uh just now I just want to
mention that this is uh this meeting
today is not about necessarily making
decisions it's just about having Dima
present this uh like off to or off next
approach and uh
um you know ask questions and uh to
figure out
uh the details here uh this is a really
interesting uh proposal Dima uh I think
that one question I have around
account abstraction is one thing that
we're seeing in other ecosystems is that
account abstraction is also mentioned in
the context of being
um allowing for like different accounts
to be the origin of the transaction
and I wonder if this proposal
um also pays the paves the way for uh
kind of like a non-regular stellar
account to be the origin of uh a
transaction uh to have in like a native
balance in xlm which is something that
isn't mentioned here
um or uh is this not a consideration at
all
um so I didn't think about this much in
terms of because this is more about us
but
you know
I think it kind of comes back to the
discussion we had about uh price twins
for example like visor uh contracts
should have tried to end so whether
contracts should have excellent balances
I don't think that
it necessarily well I think it kind of
makes things uh easier in a sense that
you know since every single operates on
accounts now it is kind of more natural
for for the account to also have
excellent balance uh they mean it will
have like some balance in effect so
but but I guess this question is more uh
up to
the design of the you know interactions
with xlma I'm not sure
we have some different decisions that it
basically once referred like uh it might
make things simpler but maybe not
because uh the main problem is uh
withdraw in any xlm from a contractors
that
we wouldn't want to run a VM for that so
I think that the question that needs to
be resolved before we can go into this
topic
um yeah I guess my question is should
the xlm balance be part of the account
obstruct should the native balance be
part of the account abstraction or
potentially facilitate this in the
future right so so basically I mean
nothing prevents an account contract to
have an excellent balance right the
tricky part is how exactly do we
withdraw this Excel and from the balance
without invoking a VM and figuring out
that this account has actually not
traced this so that's the tricky Parton
I'm not sure about it so I mean interior
like there is a very easy way with
account abstraction to do that the only
issue is that that would require to
actually call into account contract
which is a problem because we need to do
this before applying anything that's a
little concern so yeah maybe I can add a
little bit to this like the the kind of
the type of of uh challenges in the uh
account abstraction in other blockchains
they come from
from the like when you try to use the
the contract to pay for its own fees
right I can basically like um you you um
you have like sequence numbers like
nonsense basically and fees being
um paid back the contract
and as you as soon as you start to get
into that game uh you need to
basically execute the contract uh when
you're flooding the transaction so
before it gets processed by the network
and then you get into those like uh yeah
like
big challenges around okay how much
like what's the maximum gas or whatever
right that I want to allow a contract to
to use
um outside of applying uh applying
transactions
and of course this gets quite
complicated maybe like to go back to
like to what Thomas was asking like
would that be the type of thing we can
add in the future I mean I don't I think
the current proposal doesn't doesn't
stop us from doing that if we find ways
to make this efficient
um
like uh maybe like some of the things we
could and this is related to the other
conversation we are having
um
on the uh token contract uh like should
the Lumen balance for example
uh attached to a contract
uh be something that is kind of first
class
um so that we can efficiently like uh
even decide if uh like if if a contract
has even enough balance to pay I mean
this is one of the problems it's not the
only problem but you know it's one of
those things that maybe we could do
early on
anyways
um but yeah that's kind of where we are
I'm curious so there are two parts there
are too many major parts or main parts
to this proposal the first one is the
account abstraction the otherwise the
other is a standardized invocation
authorization uh if we focus on account
abstraction for a second uh putting
aside some of the details that we just
mentioned is is anyone
uh does anyone object account uh
abstraction it sounds like it's pretty
um
I think it's a win-win situation like
we're looking at other ecosystems and
you can see that you know the ethereum
ecosystem is working very hard to
retrofit account abstraction and
um uh you know regretting not adding
this in the beginning and and we're
seeing a lot of
um like challenges that come from not
starting off with account abstraction so
uh it almost sounds like a no-brainer to
me is there anyone that opposes a
account abstraction
uh Dima from your perspective are there
any downsides to adding account
abstraction yeah so
um it's a account obstruction in
building fashion is definitely like a
win-win in a sense that uh
you know like if you're joking about
things that are supported by Fosters
almost no performance cost and the
contract interfaces become really
convenient in terms of the custom
abstract accounts
um I mean it's definitely a win from the
functionality standpoint the downside is
that uh you know using them would
require more gas obviously because you
need to run mobile and you need some
additional
um they are invocations but
I mean I feel like this is a fair price
because it allows to achieve some
functionality that is not the chewable
otherwise
um but
um
yeah basically the main cause to it is
the performance cost and we need to be
at work with and
you know it's
some party wants to you know pay for the
contract notifications and they may have
the same trouble with absolutely it's a
custom account project but yeah not sure
is it's a big enough deal basically
um I think
in gree Lake account abstraction could
be implemented in some way even if they
didn't do anything on the cost site and
so it would be even slower and worse so
you know I don't think this downside is
being cool enough to kind of state it it
shouldn't go for account extraction
awesome okay
um so I think uh we can move to the
standardized invocation authorization
yes people don't want to keep talking
about account obstruction
can I ask you just a quick question
timer
go for it yeah um so does this does this
mean that we are
um if it sees white adoption for just
regular accounts or maybe this is the
most basic question which is does this
impact regular accounts can I take my
stellar classic account and
um put signing Authority on into a
contract and if so does that
um sort of blur the line I mean we have
this sort of clean separation between
classic and sore Bond
um and so are we you know sort of uh
opening up the the sort of bleed over
between those two systems
um wider and and consuming you know
forcing more sort uh seller transactions
to use store Bond resources
um in a constrained resource environment
is that a downside I guess
oh
what Miss herpes actually this is not
right like I don't think anything
changes functionally much for the
classic account uh compared to the
current world because currently we
already as I said provide this invoker
method that uh calls them to Classic
Source account right and we also allow
um like we have SDK for the promoted in
the transaction for the inbox
uh Paul tries in the contract invocation
on behalf of the classic accounts that
have been pre-signed so you can pre-sign
something using your classic store
account with threshold
and uh server they did so nothing
changes in that sense and uh from the
contrasting point what actually changes
that contracts themselves don't need to
know about that classic account
existence which I think is uh pretty
good thing because uh like the as I said
like there is really no good reason
because I can't to worry about like how
exactly something has been out right so
um I don't feel like there's any
functional difference but seriously the
positive effect of contracts being more
generic without like uh specifically
according to the classic accounts
um
yeah I I would add to that that like my
mental model of this is similar to what
we're doing with a stellar asset
contract
um on suraman basically all the
interrupt with Stellar classic and all
the you know idiosyncrasies that come
along with that they are in this
built-in contract which uh applies both
to the Token contract for the asset
contract it also applies for Stellar
accounts now that we have proper
abstraction all the finagling with
Stellar accounts happens within this
built-in contract to some extent it's
actually a lot cleaner because it
doesn't
um it doesn't pollute like the you know
post functions like they don't need to
know too much about about Stellar
accounts because all of that uh is kind
of like abstracted away and is mostly
present within this built-in contract
would that be accurate them up
yeah exactly
Nick does that answer your question
yeah that's that's helpful thanks
cool
so
um if there are no other questions on
the account obstruction we can move on
to the standardized uh invocation
authorization
this is definitely
um you know the more I think a fairly
novel approach and I'm curious Dima what
the potential downsides
that you see here are like one thing
that I will say is that like one thing
that immediately gives me pauses is are
we putting too much
uh on like the pre-flight process
um you know I think
when we were talking about pre-flight
just for in the context of of getting
the The Ledger entries that you're gonna
touch uh that's something that's uh
relatively uh easy to uh you know to
predict so for example if you're going
to do a token transfer maybe you don't
actually have to to call PreFlight you
can skip that because you know what's
what's going to happen there uh in terms
of the the the signature payload
suddenly a signature payload appears to
become like non-trivial at all so are we
building too much dependency on
pre-flight here
well I would say uh
I would put this like okay let's talk
about separate part because I don't
think
about it before so what tomorrow refers
to is basically
the way uh I propose to enable this
approach for the user can sign like
complex payload with multiple contract
invocation uh the main enabler for that
is uh PreFlight uh that would basically
run the Contracting vacation in like
authorization trades and mode and uh
return the signature payloads that need
to be signed by the votes
and
I would argue that
this is basically the satellite kind of
an enabler of the approach because
without that the only thing that we have
left if we want to do something more
complex than one invocation one
signature project invocation would
require
custom payload building
that is also contract dependently so
basically
the proposal itself is about
standardizing the payload format
which in the first place say wait
probably shouldn't be like really
controversial because uh like the
benefit of having custom rewards is kind
of questionable right but you know if
you wanted your pillow to be complex
like what is a good way of building it
and pretty quiet it's one of the answers
to that but for the simple cases you
know as you have mentioned like well
what if we transfer token the same can
be said about the signature preload like
if you are in the same world where you
just you know want to have a single
account that uh signs for a single
um contract code that doesn't go into
any sub subcontracts on behalf of that
account then the signature pilot is uh
very simple and it's not trivial and
again the benefit of having its
standardized and structured is that you
know you can write a libraries that
would build simple payloads for you
um and that would work again for every
contract it is you can say
framework creates a kind of search and
stuff which we hope to be almost any
contract
so
I'd say like
there is definitely some downside like
in that in case of a really complex
invocations on behalf of the user the
pre-pride needs to be used twice and it
may be a little bit annoying but you
know the issue is that alternative to
that would be World War
um everything needs to be built manually
like like prefighters basically is the
best thing we can probably provide out
with that uh or you know uh just go with
[Music]
the approach of
erc28 approach right therapy just always
saying the single call and then did do a
lot of uh State manipulation to actually
make things work but I'm not sure that's
necessarily a good thing because it
comes with its own set of problems that
again arguably should not be stopped on
this level like we put some things into
token interface but what if I want to
write then a POI can include my grade
all this
um
set of different methods that actually
work around the limitations of like the
signatures
um and so on and so forth so basically
um the prepaid here is
something that actually helps us a lot I
think and yes
like made this Rich downside and maybe
increasing a lot and it or it is rare
cases where it cannot be used but you
know you can always build manually
especially when you like control will
control exactly also contracts in your
Coast Tech and you know exactly what
needs to be signed so
um
I don't feel like it's big enough
downside and also I wanted to mention
that um
like the approach here is a bit rough
around the edges so it's around some
other
things that may be different in terms of
implementation
um for example like maybe they could
some logic a bit more but basically
um yeah I don't want to go into details
maybe just yet but
the point is like maybe we can make
things a little bit immature and they
are described now but uh yeah I I'd say
creep white is like I I wouldn't look at
prepare the downside it's actually quite
an upside because also Alternatives
um we've looked at well discussing like
what we how can we simplify building the
payroll say would be kind of
um for example an alternative uh we have
discussed with John a while ago also
aquatic contract could provide the
methods that says how exactly to build a
payload for every call of the contract
matter but you know this is uh
a lot of work to be done by the contract
developers and again it needs to happen
for every contract well here we kind of
come up with a generic mechanism and you
know the contract writers don't need to
worry about about the better homes they
can just write pretty complex contracts
without worrying about
users not being able to ever build
signature for one and you know it
doesn't need to be part of the interface
or anything it's like very
um naturally healed so that's my sense
on it I you know someone has more
concerns about that
yeah maybe the thing that uh yeah when
you mentioned like the the whole like
having to do this work uh for like
contract developers having to do this
kind of work for every single new
interface type is kind of a is super
important like uh I think yeah what
we're talking about here is if you look
at like uh erc20 like uh you have for
example the um what's the Ikea 2612
that's the permit
um extension
um that's for your C20 so like if you
have uh like if you think of like nfts
right they they don't use this it's a
new method and then you have to
basically support this both at the
contract level like as a caller to that
contract you have to support this new uh
this kind of uh
uh way of wrapping and signing things
right and you also have to of course do
that in the wallet in the sdks and so on
so the complexity is is increases very
quickly when you when you don't have any
standouts so I think the
the um
uh being able to use uh PreFlight that
we that we have there available to us uh
in this context is actually going to
reduce friction around the adoption of
like those kind of a encryption schemes
at the right place uh in the in the
different uh contracts in a way that I
think is maybe like a unprecedented in
the ecosystem
oh
yeah that's a good point and obviously
if if the ecosystem wants to adopt like
in the ap2612 style uh you know permit
based authorization they can do that but
you know we hope that uh you know we
want to make something that's batteries
included
um one other question that I have just
like looking at the doc right now is you
know it looks like we're signing
all the function calls including the
arguments it are there situations in
which the the arguments change slightly
between
invocations in a way that invalidates
the the our signatures FEMA
yeah so yeah the the testing discussed
on the doctor and um
uh so basically the idea is that you
probably shouldn't write your contracts
in a way where the signature arguments
change for the subcontract codes again
it doesn't really matter what kind of
your approach you're going with like
even if you go we are seeing 28 permit
for example
um
like you cannot say that hey what are
the arguments of current change a little
bit like whatever has been signed has
been permitted so it is kind of similar
and
in cases when you know some arbitrary
amount of token need to be spent for
example
um the proposed approach is use approved
style method like we wouldn't remove it
from the token interface it's too useful
for cases like that
um the difference would be
like if you do things like temporary
storage for example
um this approve may be alive only during
the top level
Contracting location so you know there
are no problems with hey I've approved
this token like a thousand units of the
token but the contract spend just 500
and then there is outstanding 500
approval for me and this contract that
someone may misuse or whatever
so instead what would happen you would
atomically call a proof inside the
contract invocation and it will only be
active during this contract invocation
uh the top follow one
um and then basically after a proof has
been executed the contract can spend up
to approved amount of so because of the
user and obviously not the whole amount
needs to be spend so
um this amount will just stay in the
user account and zero won't be even an
outstanding approval that can be done
with you some help uh so
basically the idea would be that the
user still needs to
sign some upper bound on what is going
to be spent and
that's basically the hope that this is
you know for the most contracts and
again it's not like we can do much more
besides maybe I don't know user signing
that they approve spending as much as
contract wants but again we don't remove
this possibility either so basically
yeah I I think like the contract should
be reading just in a certain way to kind
of allow for uh specifying an upper
bound not an exact amount that needs to
be transferred from them
um this problem shouldn't appear much
and it's kind of unrelated to this
proposal it's like in general if you
want to do anything with outright
subcontract both we will run into this
issue
and and I think that I was thinking also
about that like the there might be ways
actually to
you know once we have kind of the this
kind of authorization model kind of
figured out like we may actually do some
tweaks to the
um to the uh the standout token contract
like I'm thinking like we could actually
um
uh
have like the for example the transfer
method right uh if it had like a max
amount actually explicitly there and
then the authorization that is done
inside would be on the max amount on the
on not on the actual amount
this food that I actually I think allow
us to get rid of even the uh
pre-approved and
um and and later pay you know with like
some other amount that's smaller
I think that we could do things like
that yeah yeah maybe basically like to
be clear like uh contract can require
user outrights arbitrary arguments based
on its input arguments so it's not like
you know we have said in each and every
argument so it's definitely possible to
have methods where you assign one
argument and the research that just well
passed around this so you know again
this similar to account abstraction like
this opens up a lot of new approaches uh
and tours and eventually like the token
interface can be modified to account for
this basically again I think the
the difference here from
many other things is that you know we
want to make it easy to call things on
behalf of the user and the source of
interface you can come up with having
this feature uh I think like more
resources needed to actually come up
with writing Pages for that right
because we we can make things much
simpler and safer than they are when
only a single invocation can be uh fine
pretty much properly so I think that's
more of a question to with to the
interfaces and not necessarily because
yeah I definitely think uh I'm not sure
I'm looking at the document right now if
we can have like a detailed
the like description for how this would
work with uh like non-deterministic
arguments like I'm looking at your uh
like your main example of like swapped
in transfer
and I feel like you know if the swap is
a strict send rather than a strict
receive then you know you're not going
to know what the amount that is actually
being transferred uh in advance or or
even during pre-flight
so I think maybe just like unpacking
that example uh would help so I have an
example of the atomic slope right and
what it does is basically what you sign
is that you want to swap an amount of
token a for at least an amount of token
B
right this is what you're saying Yeah so
basically you send that you want to
spend it most amount of token a and at
least at least the amount of token B
which I'm not sure which
and receive this message
um but basically then the users who have
signs that can be they can have their
tokens robbed atomically and the example
I settle for the you know price for
example so not all the token is being
withdrawn and as anyone ever use this
Contracting week multi-stopper when you
have multiple parties like on both sides
that can solve it to each other so
basically my point is that again the
main thing that you you sign the
thresholds uh not the actual amounts and
then definitely possible to just spend
or receive business threshold without
any additional input from the user
because again these are just saying the
thresholders that kind of works
got it
uh demo one uh question from moots or
statements in the live channel is uh
that moose would love to see address
identifier and like byzen 32s all of
these kind of like converge and I know
that people have been pretty frustrated
with uh
with the existence of all these
different ways to describe
um accounts uh does your account
abstraction solve this yes definitely
right like this is about what I do in my
prototype already and that's definitely
something I've been looking into so
basically they said like when you want
something authorized uh you just needs
account and you want an address you just
use address uh that's pretty much it
um so if you want to do something for
example on behalf of the current running
contract you just call get current
contract account which is account type 2
right so from the contract Traders
standpoint where you you don't have any
additional it
um you may still need the contract ID
for some use cases but it will still
leave this but you know this is Project
context when you are interested
specifically in the contract ID right
then it will goodbye but in all the
operations that involved with any
manipulations I would say right you
would just use a Content address types
there is no identifier type anymore
the bytes are just used for things that
are actually bites like a passual
contrast City but there's a not since
involved into our spring work for the
most part I said that smart forward
themselves
okay I hope that makes moons happy uh it
does make me happy
uh
great are there any other questions
either internally or from the audience
uh Dima if people want to learn more
about auth uh off next what should they
do uh besides reading the document
what's the document has uh links to the
examples I think examples uh definitely
a photo kind of have a grasp of how
things may look like again you know this
is the two broad Stitch and it may
change but uh you can see some general
ideas where you can see that accounting
addresses I used everywhere not in the
first stuff like that
um how the calls have been authorized
and so on so yeah look at the examples
too just kind of especially like
luxuries like time work examples that
where you can see exact tips from the
current implementation and the swap
examples are something completely new
that is really painful to do right now
which is why we don't even have an
example for example
um
so yeah I think that's that and uh yes
and just ask me either as a document or
Discord do you have
um things that you think are not covered
anywhere
um then you can answer it
awesome so uh after the holidays we're
gonna meet up again and uh talk more
about off
and I think that for today Justin do you
have any other thing or is it a wrap
no I think it's a wrap happy holidays
everybody definitely check out the doc
definitely watch out for more saurabhan
design discussions coming up after the
holidays and everybody have just a great
holiday season